An opening screen where you can start a new game or join an existing game.
A screen where you can setup your player.
A labyrinth where your character moves around. This may be represented in different ways:
	The character may move around with the help of arrow keys inside each cave (ASCII-art version)
	The character may move between different caves and interact via a GUI (Dialogue-based version)
	The character may move around in a 3D world with an “over-the-shoulder” perspective (3D version)
A selection of other characters that move freely in the labyrinth. (Note: the original NetHack is turn-based, you will have to modify this so that the characters move independently)
	Interaction dialogues with other characters. For example you may enter into a philosophical debate with a troll, you may fight an ogre, you may play chess with a reaper, or you may ignore a boggart.
A selection of other items to pick up and drop in the labyrinth.
	Interaction dialogues with those other items. For example, you may view the history of a sword, mix a potion with other items.
	Items also have a default action, “use”, that means e.g. “wield sword”, “throw rock”, or “drink potion”.
	Items can be sub-types of other items. For example, you may have:
		Weapons, with sub-types projectile weapons and cutting weapons. Cutting weapons, in turn, have sub-types such as knives and swords. Projectile weapons can for example be slingshots and crossbows. You would also need ammunition for some of your weapons.
		On the topic of weapons, the damage inflicted by a weapon shall be a combination of the weapon itself, the wielder’s experience, the character type, and a certain element of randomness.
Multiplayer. Several players shall be able to play in the same game at once.
	Tip: You may implement this either with a common server, a common database, or in a distributed manner where one player is the owner of the game.
	You shall be able to interact with other players through dialogues, but only when you are in the same cave. You shall minimally be able to:
		chat with other players
		use whatever you are carrying on them
		give them items that you are carrying